Finally got around to making some changes to my website, including adding this
journaling section. What I hope to do here is post just casual updates of my
life and the things I'm working on. Don't expect the writing to be very good or
in any way formal :P. Of course these changes to my site required me to work on
the static site generator, which is fun. The current way that I aggregate all
the pages is _rather_ janky and limiting, but it works! So that's all that
matters for now.

It did get me thinking though, in the future I hope to add like tags and ways to
link back to journals with those tags (such as a tag for a specific project). Of
course my mind went from this to thinking, "wouldn't it be cool to rewrite the
generator in Zig, and integrate Lua for scripting the generator and querying
data about the site itself!". I had to really fight myself to not start on that
project today lmao.

On another (still site related) note I also decided to remove a lot of stuff
from the homepage. I have been unhappy with how it was written for a bit. Will
rewrite it and fill it out more soon. The thing I had was generally too lengthy
and awkward. I also had some personal interests there without showing anything
about them, and I don't really want to do that. Like I mentioned photography,
but why not just have a gallary, yknow? Or at least some stuff on here I can
link to first idk.

On yet another (still site related) note I've been thinking about changing up
the style. I really like the current aesthetic but the readability seems to be a
bit lacking, which could be an issue if I do continue with these journal
entries.

Ok finally off of the site related stuff.

I worked a lot on my dotfiles today. I know, typical NixOS user. As an aside I
told some people recently I'd be trying out FreeBSD and I think I've changed my
mind, at least for a while. Anyways finally my dotfiles are up to date and in
sync for the config on both my PC and my laptop. There's still some more
refactoring I'd like to do but oh well, it can wait.

Switched from IntelliJ as my primary editor to Zed again. It's improved a lot
since I switched away from it. I'm really liking it. Decided to switch back
because I saw GPUI got 0.2.0, which is nice. Would be really cool if someone
wrote Zig bindings to GPUI, it seems like a decent library for UI.
